$Id: //modules/xmlrpclib/README#8 $

====================================================================
The xmlrpclib module
====================================================================

This kit contains a Python implementation for Userland's XML-RPC
protocol.  It also includes server frameworks for SocketServer and
Medusa.

</F>

fredrik@pythonware.com
http://www.pythonware.com


release info
------------

This is version 1.0.1 of xmlrpclib.py.

This version fixes a number of minor bugs, and adds optional support
for xmlToolkit's xmlrpc accelerator (currently not included in the
free distribution).  It also loads xmllib and other support libraries
only when needed, to speed up the initial import.

This is beta software.  There are no known bugs.

The XML-RPC specification can be found at:

	http://www.xml-rpc.com

The sgmlop parser can be used to speed up this library 10-15x.  The
parser can be found at:

	http://www.pythonware.com/products/xml/sgmlop.htm

Comments, bug reports, and patches are welcome.  Send them to:

	fredrik@pythonware.com

Note that this is free software, with limited support.  If you need
commercial support on this module, please contact info@pythonware.com.


contents
--------

README			this file

xmlrpclib.py		client library

SimpleXMLRPCServer.py   an XML RPC server framework based on Socket-
			Server, from Python 2.2 (by Brian Quinlan)

xmlrpc_handler.py	an XML RPC handler for Medusa (by Sam Rushing)

xmlrpcserver.py		a minimalistic server


license
-------

The xmlrpclib library is

Copyright (c) 1999-2002 by Secret Labs AB
Copyright (c) 1999-2002 by Fredrik Lundh

By obtaining, using, and/or copying this software and/or its
associated documentation, you agree that you have read, understood,
and will comply with the following terms and conditions:

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its
associated documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby
granted, provided that the above copyright notice appears in all
copies, and that both that copyright notice and this permission notice
appear in supporting documentation, and that the name of Secret Labs
AB or the author not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to
distribution of the software without specific, written prior
permission.

SECRET LABS AB AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO
THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS.  IN NO EVENT SHALL SECRET LABS AB OR THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT
OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.

--------------------------------------------------------------------

